I can help you with this.
Then I'll lend you the money.
Can I borrow it?
I want to borrow it.
But I also know.
That's a lot of money.
My father wouldn't agree.
This person thought about it early.
So people think of a way.
How?
My family has a gaming company.
It's very potential.
Buying on feelings will definitely not lose money, this woman finally got hooked.
If I remember correctly.
It was when the Li family's capital chain broke down.
It was this game company that produced a game boom.
Net income tens of billions
Help the family overcome difficulties.
Now he's giving it to me on his own initiative.
Oh, this as far as I know.
The game company you run these days has been in a loss-making state.
If you want to sell.
How much do you want to sell?
Even though that company has been in a loss lately.
But the potential is huge.
Buying animals definitely can't lose money.
Right?
How much do you want to sell?
People don't want much.
One hundred million.
One hundred million, do you think I'm a fool?
Why did Master Qin say that?
Why do people think that?
It's just, that company has tremendous potential.
Second, it seems that Qin is lacking in helping people.
As long as Qin is unwilling to help people
The poor want people to do whatever they want.
Really.